or the sheets and compass and welcome another
new beat and how they saw it in the title
new weapons for future and possible s
and ghost in game part 2 ok and this was
something that I wanted to talk to you today
since recently in the archives of
game with what has been included the new
update a few days ago they have
found new possible codes
weapons that can come to us for the
next d lc the truth is that these
weapons are pretty good and I think that
it's something out of the ordinary that could
give a new touch of originality to
game to be able to enjoy it to the fullest
ok and it's been two weapons that have been
filtered and then you can see the
first code as you see it here we can
to be watching what the
first code and how can you see us
alekno code 20 ok not with 23
would mean to our language fist of
steel or fist american mitten novillera
or ok pugilato key is a weapon
formed by a structure that adjusts
directly to the hand of whoever
put and allows to punch with her
the truth that this is a weapon too
brutal
since it could be a little more
fun the fights face to face without
use the weapons do not be Mayan and included
in other great cars such as is the
great auto san andreas and the grand
theft auto vice city the truth that you are
weapons too too funny
because when we went to what
was going to be the vice city club or the
nightclub the bay city ​​what was happening is
that if we entered with something we would
something suspicious to the managers or
What we did was to start
to hit with this steel fist and nothing
more that they punch us with
that fist of steel tomb us go to the floor
and we stop again and again we
knock on the floor is not like a weapon to
that punch or throw you to the ground and
It's hard for you to get up, not like you
they took about three punches or they gave you
a kick a hit in the game that
you can remember that normally
when you get one of these the character
falls and can take them on the floor but
as they see it is something that is pretty
well and I think there would be enough
well in the game and here as you can
to be seeing we are seeing the next
code and how can you see are
practically part of the same code
but if we get it to
what the image says apart from not
cold oster we can notice that right down
of what it would be that it did not cold auster in the
row 5 we can notice what it says
marksman pistolo ok and the marksman gun
is already in the game but
this is not referred to as that rifle
assault that we currently have this is
would refer as a portable gun that
had the power of the marksman rifle and
the truth would be pretty good and that
it is quite possible that they then come to
put in the next DLT apart from the
vehicles or various things that go to
include because if you remember it
in this dlc what they gave us was the
new submachine gun and apart from that weapon
what they gave us were some other things
such as the camouflages for
yusuf weapons that the truth is
pretty good I think they gave him a
unique touch to the game so as they see it
kids are some codes that are
could include or things that could be
include for the next you give the aura
that I would like very much to have more
that nothing this new fist of steel put
that I do not know is something totally different and
I think there would be enough
remember that we have some other
white arms to say it of some
form fist weapons that could be like
the knife does not but I think this
it would look pretty good and I think it's not
give yourself a good punch that will do you well with this
come accommodated that could kill you or
even ruin you and leave you lying
on the floor the truth that would be quite
well I think that could be given
that we have already had in past
games of the same saga no and the truth
that would be something that I think people
would like a lot
so guys I hope you liked it
this video do not forget to leave your life
favorites subscribe to the channel if not
are subscribed in the description
they write twitter to follow me and
Share this video with your friends without
more than saying goodbye goodbye